c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\Control.dll.config
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\Control.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\Control.pdb
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\Control.xml
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\obj\Debug\Control.Resources.resources
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\obj\Debug\Control.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\obj\Debug\Control.dll
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\obj\Debug\Control.xml
c:\users\hector\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\obj\Debug\Control.pdb
C:\Users\Hector\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Control\Control\obj\Debug\Control.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
